PRESSING PROBLEMS
  add reconnect - more complicated than initially thought, might want to use confirmclose?
  test on other computers
    only compatible with jre8

More dialog info to user, inform them when connection fails


SETTINGS FILE
  create a settings file in appdata, (cross-platform)
  create it on startup with defaults
  write to it when settings change **NEXT**
  TODO: do this in a reasonable way, without duplicate code
  When to write settings:
    On transition from settings screen -> lobby screen
    When a peer disconnects
    On exit


ENCRYPTION
  don't know enough to get this in, how do you end to end encrypt in a p2p network?
  all ssl certificates are self-signed for convenience..
  web of trust?
  can use assymetric key encryption, but can't guarantee that a peer owns the public key they claim
  to own
  TLS
  OCB-AES128 for encrypted voice comms

PROBLEM:
PlayQueue & Recorder actors pretty much block up a thread in the javax write function.
Does this only happen while playing audio?
What happens with a lot of inactive peers? -> Inactive PlayQueues
Need to run benchmarks:
  lot of inactive peers
  lot of peers talking at once

HAD THE END-SEGMENT BUG HAPPEN AGAIN:
  Little bits of audio kept playing after stopped talking. Not sure what the cause was.
  Not sure how to reproduce

PERFORMANCE STUFF:
  Rudimentary measurements/findings:
    Moving the volume knob around spikes CPU usage a little bit, need to optimize that
    10 idle peers is no problem, when I speak (that is 1 record, 9 playback) cpu usage goes up.
    Memory usage is on par with other apps

Should BigBoss hold a record of messages received - probably
Need to think more about how this works, replay and all that

Where do I store icons and ui stuff?

Completion - Basic functionality:
  Stable lobby of ~10 people
    If one person joins, they are connected via PEX to other members quickly
    Auto-reconnect - rate limited, timeouts
    Lobby-members cede their connect ability, A lobby member can't unilaterally connect to someone
    out-of-lobby, they can invite them, and the invitee can accept
      Generally, add a UI hook where users decide to accept connections (PEX excluded?)
    --above is  little weird

Enhance file reading/writing features
  support peer joining mid-playback - requires rate-limited file reader
  support a playlist
  virtual user? -- Norbert, Norbert (Music)

NOISE REDUCTION
  RNNoise
    doesn't work well, weird artifacts when I start talking + elsewhere.
    Probably want to go for a simple solution, collect data
  SpeexDSP - already linked to it anyway


Should clear play buffers if we haven't received any audio in bufferSizeInSeconds or so
This way the replay bug won't happen if the peer is a bad actor and doesn't send EndOfSegment
